Rebuild to fix security vulnerabilities (curl) (#47)
Countingup/docker-go: README.md

|Date|Description|
|-|-|

> |23-11-25|Rebuild to update dependencies for security vulnerability (curl)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|24-01-16|Rebuild to update dependencies for security vulnerability (curl)|
```

Author: 1 guess how I managed to do that 🙄
